# Detect FullStory Exclusion, Masks, and Unmasks

We wanted a quick way to see if we were correctly adding excluded elements whilst developing.

It's ugly, but functional.

## Adding to this Project

Clone this repository, and then, in this directory:

1. `npm install`
2. `npx webpack`

Your unpacked Chrome extension will be compiled into `dist/`. You can load it into Chrome by enabling developer mode on the "Extensions" page, hitting "Load unpacked", and selecting the `dist/` folder. You can pack the extension into a `.crx` by using the "Pack extension" button on the same page.

Use `npx webpack` to recompile after editing.

## Source layout

The default source layout looks like this:

```
src
├── app
│   ├── background.ts
│   └── content.ts
├── styles
│   └── popup.css
└── ui
    └── popup.tsx
```

- `background.ts` will get loaded as the extension background script, and will run persistently in the background
- `content.ts` will be injected into the URLs matched by `dist/manifest.json`'s `matches` entry (see [Match Patterns](https://developer.chrome.com/extensions/match_patterns) documentation)
- `popup.tsx` will become the extension's "browser action" popup
  - NOTE: `popup.tsx` compiles into `dist/js/popup.js`. It is loaded into `dist/popup.html` by an explicit `<script>` tag on that page. `dist/popup.html` is static and is not automatically generated by the build process.
- `popup.css` contains styles for the popup. These styles are loaded with `style-loader` via the `import` line at the top of `popup.tsx` (and directly injected into the popup via JavaScript)

## Dist layout

```
dist
├── _locales
│   └── en
│       └── messages.json
├── icons
│   ├── icon128.png
│   ├── icon16.png
│   ├── icon19.png
│   └── icon48.png
├── js
│   ├── background.js
│   ├── content.js
│   └── popup.js
├── manifest.json
└── popup.html
```

`dist` contains the Chrome extension. You can delete `js/*`, as its contents will be regenerated by `webpack`, but the rest of the contents of `dist` will not.

## Acknowledgments

Thanks to [Duo Labs](https://github.com/duo-labs/chrome-extension-boilerplate) for their boilerplate.
